i would like to show you how to
make fresh clover sprouts
one of the things that tony and
i have a hard time getting the
winter are fresh vegetables
one solution to that is to make
sprouts here i have a whole
bunch of clover seeds just take
a couple tablespoons of sprouts
and put them into a clean jar
next thing I'm going to do is
pour some water in and i'm just
going to pour you know about a
cup
so that's enough to cover the
seeds and swirl it around make
sure all the seeds are down
under the water
I'm going to let this sit
overnight that's going to start
the germination process
so after 12 hours i'm going to
drain the water we have a screen
and it fits right into a mason
jar lid so I'm going to dump
this out and you want to let it
drain
I'm going to find a spot to let
it sit so a dark area is perfect
and I don't want it to be too
cold so i'm just going to set it
on the counter here while the
star is sitting it needs to be
rinsed twice a day and that's
really important because if you
don't rinse it often enough
the sprouts and the water will
get kind of smelly and you will
notice after a few days that the
sprouts will start to
make little tiny roots so this
is another dr sprouts and these
ones have been sprouting for
about four or five days and you
can see they've got roots and
they also have some tiny light
green leaves for me
so once your sprouts are done
sprouting you can put them in
the fridge and that will stop
the sprouting process in order
to make sure that you don't get
any bad bacteria in your sprouts
you can spray them down with
vinegar and then rinse them off
my favorite way to eat them is
to put them on salad and to make
like a little salad dressing to
put on top
I'm gonna try to apply to them
and very good
I was a really fresh spring kind
of flavor
yeah